# CONVOLUTION-OPERATION-Project

## Computer Architecture (CO2008) Assignment

### Introduction
This repository contains an implementation of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), focusing on the core convolution operation used in deep learning for image processing tasks. CNNs are widely applied in fields like image classification, object detection, and pattern recognition. In this project, the convolution operation, along with techniques like zero-padding and stride control, are used to extract features from input data. This serves as the foundation for building more advanced computer vision applications using deep learning.

### Report
For more information, click [here]([CONVOLUTION-OPERATION-Project/CA_ASS_RP.pdf](https://github.com/LongVoBI/CONVOLUTION-OPERATION-Project/blob/main/README.md)).

### Installation and Running the Project
Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

1. **Install MARS MIPS Assembler and Runtime Simulator**.
2. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/LongVoBI/CONVOLUTION-OPERATION-Project.git
   ```
3. **Unzip the `Sample_test_ca.zip` folder.**
4. **Create the `Test_case` and `output` folders.** These folders will store your test cases and the output files generated by the project.
5. **Run the `mips5.asm` file:**
   Open MARS and load the `mips5.asm` file.
6. **Update the paths for `input_file` and `output_file`:**
   In the `mips5.asm` file, update lines 3 and 4 to match the paths of the `Test_case` and `output` folders.
7. **Run the ASM file:**
   After running the ASM file, check the output by comparing it with the provided zip file.
